Gwenevere Abriel: Sunday.
Gwenevere Abriel: How's our connection. Today you can
Gwenevere Abriel: Hear me in real time. Everything's in Sing Sing Sing Sing
Cynthia We: Yes, I think so.
Gwenevere Abriel: Far out. Let's see how long that last
Gwenevere Abriel: It. All right. Um, let me get a
Cynthia We: Long time, a long time to check in today.
Cynthia We: Yep, I call it Quarter two, and it took me all 15 minutes and then some. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you see why I invite you guys get in there early haha
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you don't want to miss out on all this healing.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so they
Cynthia We: Understand, they didn't understand about um
Cynthia We: That that Blue Cross Blue Shield is covering the copays, they thought that I was trying to get my my out of pocket maximum, and that's why I didn't need to pay co pays. Okay, when in fact
Cynthia We: Blue Cross Blue Shield is covering co pays for therapy because of the times, we're in right now. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe trying
Cynthia We: To talk to someone else, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: To someone else also what you may do is put it specifically in writing in an email.
Cynthia We: I did. I did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Cynthia We: But apparently they didn't understand it but I sent it to the person I dealt with in building before. So maybe I don't remember know that she's still there. So maybe I
Cynthia We: Maybe just somebody I could talk to
Cynthia We: Specifically for billing. Maybe I should send it somewhere else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe, maybe. Let me see. So the person I think of in billing is a Krista
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think she's still there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I because I think this woman when when I first got here. Darby I think her whole role change. And I haven't heard her name. So my guess is her role has changed. So I'm thinking it's Krista bidding, but I haven't messaged her and so long. I don't even know I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't, you could do send that same message. And you can see see me. Um, do you, you know mine because you send me messages so CC CC me on it and then I can
Gwenevere Abriel: I can kind of follow
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can follow it and say, I think this is what she's saying, and blah, blah, blah, blah.
Cynthia We: Okay, cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see where
Gwenevere Abriel: Do that. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Fantastic.
Cynthia We: And also the guy that I spoke to said he'll have my care coordinator call
Cynthia We: Me, I don't, I'm not really sure who my care coordinator is but
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know either. I'm guessing it's a woman by the name of Angelina
Cynthia We: Angelina, because
Gwenevere Abriel: She's the one I coordinate with the most
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, last name,
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't even know her last name. What is your last name.
Gwenevere Abriel: Novartis, and I E V like Victor a like Apple r e s like Sam Angelina A N G E Li N A numerous and I be VA r e s
Cynthia We: Okay.
Cynthia We: Yeah yeah we r e a c
Gwenevere Abriel: Ii Ii Ii Ii never us and I EV a are, yes.
Okay.
Cynthia We: Okay, so she should know who that is actually
Gwenevere Abriel: Cool.
Cynthia We: And I think they've connected me her before but I didn't realize she was my character.
I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Things change every day.
Cynthia We: Yes, it's difficult to get some organization exclusively
Gwenevere Abriel: Didn't get there, though I think eventually it'll get yeah I think it's very organized. I mean, very organized for healthcare.
Much
Cynthia We: I'm impressed with the organization, most of the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me. Um, unless you have something that you kind of have right on the tip of your tongue something you're presenting with can have something come
Cynthia We: I don't have anything
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay.
Cynthia We: Well,
Cynthia We: Maybe I'm I feel like we've been
Cynthia We: A little smoother. This week we Scott and I
Gwenevere Abriel: Really, how did you
Gwenevere Abriel: Do
Cynthia We: I try to talk to him about beauty when
Cynthia We: I'm
Cynthia We: And and we were able to talk about money, like in a moment. That wasn't happening right then, you know, it was we were talking about it in theory.
Cynthia We: Which I think helped keep our emotions down
Cynthia We: And I'm
Cynthia We: I felt like we did a good job. See, this is very focused on getting this thank you thing out for for work. So
Cynthia We: He's, he's more like himself when he's focused on work.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you talked about beauty as in a value system right
Cynthia We: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Cynthia We: And then I'm here very defensive the heat sees beauty to he just doesn't understand what the hell I'm doing.
Cynthia We: But I'm
Cynthia We: I feel like
Cynthia We: I just feel like he was able to hear it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was defensive, but ultimately he could hear it.
Cynthia We: Yeah yeah defensive it for because he sees beauty to and then
Gwenevere Abriel: Obviously, and that's why I
Gwenevere Abriel: Say, beauty is in the eye of the right
Right.
Cynthia We: Um, so, so I feel like we we've had an okay time like it has not been as explosive around here and I noticed that he he had a book in his the Amazon card how not to lose your shit a cleanse or something like that over that delusion that I've your kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's, that's an interesting thing that he must have some sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Awareness of what's going on. That's cool.
Cynthia We: Well, yeah, he's been pretty pretty
Cynthia We: Explosive with ticket.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what makes
Cynthia We: Me crazy sometimes as he routine and that's his job.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. So although you two seem to have a decrease in escalation. There seems to be an increase with Scott and Teagan
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's just take one at a time. You said that money did come up and I had had a my mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something I thought you might introduce it was a little different. And I'm wondering, last time I don't know whether it played out and let me let me hear what did you guys talk about around money this time what you talk about
Cynthia We: We talked about the yard.
Cynthia We: Okay, there's getting up every time I went to the gardening or and I talked about, um, I see a project and I don't realize how big it's going to be. I think I can do it all for this amount of money you know and and that I told him I thought that that had to be very frustrating for him.
Cynthia We: Oh, very frustrating for me.
Cynthia We: And, um,
Cynthia We: I think just admitting that he was able to say, okay, well, so now what is it that you want us to do.
Oh,
Cynthia We: Shit, I need to fill the paths.
Gwenevere Abriel: But Cindy Don't, don't walk away from this you have
Gwenevere Abriel: You had a healthy portion
Gwenevere Abriel: Of humility and
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What became available to you was when you own your grain of truth. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, then
Cynthia We: Your truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: There it is again. Yeah, but keep showing up right for all of us. And then he didn't have to keep
Gwenevere Abriel: Convincing you have what you need to own, so he he could stop arguing
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, Nikki was able to be generous and say, oh, right. He can rescue you out of that self.
Gwenevere Abriel: You out of it. I mean don't overdo it. We don't want to go oh pity party I'm worthless and weak and I should die. We don't want that to be right, but we own this little piece and all we need is humility to do it.
Cynthia We: Okay, wow.
Cynthia We: I've heard that a few times.
Cynthia We: I didn't even realize that that's what I was
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what you're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really important.
Cynthia We: Really, really, really impressed in
Gwenevere Abriel: intimate relationships. So as soon as we're owning our part. Well then, they don't have to spend all their energy saying look to own it, own it. Look at it, you have a part of this, then you're already doing it. They don't have to. And so immediately. He said, Oh, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what do you want to do with the garden. Isn't that something
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's pretty cool.
Cynthia We: Yes, it is very cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's what I thought you were going to do this week. And I wonder if you completely thought, oh no, this won't work. Right. I want to do it. Or maybe you did it. I'm going to find out.
Gwenevere Abriel: I had it in my head that you are going to say to Scott, you know, it's got just give me $200. It's on me. I'm going to have this for whatever amount of time. These are random numbers.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna give you $200 cash.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna watch how I budget myself in real time.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's on me if I run out of money that's on me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I wondered if you had done that or if it was so
Cynthia We: I tried. I did it because I'm because that was like what we talked about before. And that was the whole plan around putting him in charge of mine and just given me a certain amount so that he could plan for my certain amount. And then I could budget in my certain amount
Cynthia We: Okay, is
Cynthia We: He just said Wikia we just can't right now because because it's so tight and we don't really know.
Cynthia We: That will I work, you know,
Cynthia We: But right now we're, we're just and what we're getting. What we're bringing in so
Cynthia We: Any amount to is I'm
Cynthia We: Too much
Gwenevere Abriel: So a little, a little check point here. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone on the outside might say that
Gwenevere Abriel: $70 would as a random number 65 whatever
Gwenevere Abriel: On a garden.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is hobby and that's frosting superfluous and over the top. Now, every family is going to say that I'm or Starbucks is over the top. So every family is different, um, where do you see that there's actually more flexibility, then really you're giving yourself credit for
Cynthia We: Oh, um,
Cynthia We: I see that there's a lot of flexibility.
Cynthia We: And I'm
Cynthia We: Having because we are getting Starbucks every day, or at least I am and I'm and I have spent a lot more than seven. Yeah, because the garden so
Cynthia We: I that argument was about, um, what
Cynthia We: What I think of as important. Like why I think it's important, why I care and and it was about a lot more than just
Cynthia We: Gardening. Really, it's like
Cynthia We: It's, it's something that does me
Cynthia We: That and there's the whole neighbors thing and people noticing stuff and me feeling okay about myself.
Cynthia We: So,
Cynthia We: Yeah, I see that, um,
Cynthia We: We have a we're not during normal times, but we have a lot more flexibility than
Cynthia We: We ever used to, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not like a few months ago, it was pretty bad. Yeah. Yeah. It's not bad.
Cynthia We: Yeah, he actually said the day that he could, he could get by Ms forever if we didn't have to pay certain bows and and we were only bringing in this man let me keep
Cynthia We: Up with us.
Cynthia We: Because he doesn't feel he said he feels less stress than usual. Okay.
Cynthia We: Because I'm not allowed to go out to go shopping, really, there's no I think a lot of that is that he has control over what's being spent, because everybody's on lockdown. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what do you want to spend some time while you don't have these ongoing pressures to have some re experiencing of that old conditioning from childhood around money about image about how it still
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds like deeply attached to your identity, whether you like it or not, it seems like it's got a hold of you.
Cynthia We: Totally. Okay. Yeah, that's a great idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um,
Cynthia We: He doing oh so thick, a lot of it has to do with um
Cynthia We: With me networking
Cynthia We: Kind of money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And I would say that, except what you do is I don't disagree with you. I'm sorry, let me rephrase that. Oh, absolutely contextualize noted, sorry about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Already I already had a plan. I was what I was going to say, and then you said that. So, I'm so sorry. Um, I guess what I'm thinking is
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to check myself on something. First I need to make sure that this is something that you want to let go of and not something I want you to let go of. So I need to. I need to just make sure that this is a direction you want to go and it's not me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm pushing you.
Cynthia We: Okay.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you like to continue to be someone who, at times will choose
Gwenevere Abriel: To be irritable sometimes impatient and spend money on things that preserve an image of you being someone who cares about your property over the feelings of your family members, is that okay
Cynthia We: Um,
Cynthia We: I would like to change.
Cynthia We: Okay, I'm not sure what you just said. But yeah.
Cynthia We: I don't, I don't like the first one.
Gwenevere Abriel: It might be that it doesn't exist. So that might be my imagination. She let me just see how there ever been times when you've been irritated with
Gwenevere Abriel: With your family.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because people you wanted to make sure you looked good on the outside.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you like that about you that you do that sometimes.
Gwenevere Abriel: What kind of person does that
Cynthia We: Um,
Cynthia We: Well,
Cynthia We: I remember being very upset about it was regarding kids acting like brats in public.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if someone sees them acting like brats. What, what do we think when we see that family you and your
Cynthia We: Mom is a bad
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's a big one. Okay, bad mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm right. And so that's kind of similar. Like if I don't care about my property. I'm just a renter, they don't take pride. Same kind of thing, right. I
Cynthia We: Guess right
Cynthia We: Less than person.
Gwenevere Abriel: Less than. That's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so why don't we do a little bit of work around that one. Do you happen to already have. Are you already on a laptop.
Cynthia We: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, great. I don't have my little blue light. So if we end up doing that today, it's going to be my finger.
Gwenevere Abriel: I could probably pull it up pretty quickly though. So let's do a little targeting around that so it's less than
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't you get in touch with that picturing kids being kids sort of having a difficult time inhibiting impulse. They want to yell, they
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it's the supermarket or wherever they are, they see you know bright colored things and they want to grab it. Can I have this or they're arguing with each other, whatever is going on, whatever that imagery was to sort of bring that into your working awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then get a sense that someone sees you, and is looking at you and then your kids and you
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: They're thinking you
Gwenevere Abriel: Are less than
Cynthia We: Every specific instance. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how do you feel in the body as soon as you have that image.
Cynthia We: I'm embarrassed and
Cynthia We: Humiliated.
Gwenevere Abriel: Embarrassed and humiliated.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And now let's go body when you are in embarrassment and humiliation. Where do you feel that
Cynthia We: I'm not sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, it might show up as we continue to investigate this a little bit further. So let's go to. So we don't know sama response just yet. We'll get there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now be in touch with humiliation, which tends to be humiliation is this piece around
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, someone doing it to us.
Gwenevere Abriel: Verisign. It's kind of like
Gwenevere Abriel: Man, I wish this had to happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Humiliation is almost like someone put us in this position publicly that might feel like humiliating like
Gwenevere Abriel: You brought out something that I didn't bring out but there it is someone else kind of in public brought out this thing and it was embarrassing. So there might be this out someone else doing something to you is that what humiliation was
Cynthia We: Yeah yeah yeah
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then see if you can go back in time, let's try and bridge this to an early
Gwenevere Abriel: Humiliation
Gwenevere Abriel: Early child early
Gwenevere Abriel: History
Gwenevere Abriel: At first experience of embarrassment. If someone had
Gwenevere Abriel: Humiliated you and you felt
Gwenevere Abriel: Less than
Gwenevere Abriel: You might be rolling out a couple things I'd be curious to know what ran into your mind there.
Cynthia We: Um, I wondered effective use the same instance that I used for shame.
Cynthia We: I was laughing and telling jokes.
Cynthia We: Yeah, mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Cynthia We: got mad at me for the very much
Cynthia We: Yeah, I'm working on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep. I remember that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep. And then you kept going and you just didn't blow Hughes about
Cynthia We: Yeah, I didn't know
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you didn't know, let me just see if I've got it in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you driving the boat. Where did you get your license. So
Cynthia We: It's funny.
Gwenevere Abriel: Funny.
Cynthia We: One or two times it's funny.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I mean, you know,
Cynthia We: Okay, so good. LAUGH But hey, why not
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe I just read it.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I thought it was the funniest thing. I kept repeating it. I loved it. The adults were laughing at something I said Uncle Jerry was laughing I was having fun and mom said
Gwenevere Abriel: Cynthia enough
Gwenevere Abriel: In front of everybody. He
Gwenevere Abriel: Just felt it like
Gwenevere Abriel: Like my whole my shoulders just
Gwenevere Abriel: I hated it.
Gwenevere Abriel: She told me it was inappropriate for a child to talk to an adult like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I felt deflated horrified and embarrassed.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the negative cognition. Then when we had explored this was, I'm an idiot, I'm stupid and the positive cognition, the one that would have been convenient was learning
Gwenevere Abriel: This time it's attached to what belief about yourself.
Cynthia We: This other instance is
Cynthia We: So to me,
Cynthia We: That I'm a bad mom that I that I have that I don't have any skills and I'm an idiot.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bad mom, I have no skills and I'm an idiot. There's that idiot thing again.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the image and you don't have to tell me you know for this to work. You don't have to tell me, but I'm just curious. Is it, is this the earliest experience because you were eight of really getting
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone intentionally like doing this and bear shaming you in public, making you feel small in public. This is the earliest one you can remember
Cynthia We: Yeah, I think it is, um,
Cynthia We: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And so this time it's
Gwenevere Abriel: It's got a connection to current thing. So like to. I'm going to label this a little differently. And I'd like you to tell me how in current day
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I was talking about some I was talking about the yard and I was talking about certain things, but I want to know for you. What's. How does that kind of keep showing up.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does that have to do with impression management, let's say,
Cynthia We: I'm
Cynthia We: A keep showing up in
Cynthia We: The like I
Cynthia We: If everybody thinks I'm okay on the outside the maybe I'll be okay on the inside.
Cynthia We: That makes but that doesn't have anything to do with taking yelling at me in the grocery store.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about hold on to it for just a second. So if everybody thinks I'm okay on the outside, then I'm okay on the inside.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or is it then everybody will think I'm on me.
Cynthia We: There we go, we go
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Cynthia We: And that will help me be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I look to others, like I'm a good
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Gwenevere Abriel: I will believe I am a good mom and it will help me be a good mom is that the same sequence.
Cynthia We: Yeah yeah
Cynthia We: He specifically was yelling at me about money, which brought in this whole level of, like, oh my god, I can't believe that my child is repeating my husband and everybody is staring at me as if I'm a beaten woman.
Cynthia We: Like
Cynthia We: People had pity on their faces when they looked at me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can yell at me, much like Scott does about money in the shopping in a
Cynthia We: Trader Joe
Gwenevere Abriel: That gets it to yell at me about money, just like Scott does in Trader Joe's that get it.
Cynthia We: Yeah, and he sounded like an abusive husband, like he sounded like my image of what
Cynthia We: An abusive husband sounds like. And when I looked at the people
Cynthia We: That were close by. It wasn't the usual
Cynthia We: They look sad for me for me.
Yeah.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so, what, what's the feeling just now. What is that, what's that emotion.
Cynthia We: Um,
Cynthia We: I was totally humiliated, because I felt like
Cynthia We: First of all, I couldn't control him. I couldn't stop him from doing it. And no matter what I said. You want to stop. And second of all, the image of
Cynthia We: I wanted to explain. No, no, it's not like that. I know it sounds like that, but it's not. He's not beating me. It's okay. It has been as a beating like the idea that I would, um,
Cynthia We: I don't know. I
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, so just, I know you went to all of these thoughts. But let's start with I heard, I heard humiliated.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's a that's from perception of other people's eyes just imagine
Gwenevere Abriel: Imagine the store was empty.
Cynthia We: Okay, mom, he shouldn't be worrying about
Cynthia We: He doesn't understand that we're not that worried
Cynthia We: That we were okay we were fine and I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: He didn't understand that financially, you were okay. Is that right,
Cynthia We: Yeah yeah
Cynthia We: Financially, we wrote it. That's why I say the grocery store and then. Okay.
Cynthia We: Because all he hears from from his dad is this, you know, bitching about spending too much money at the grocery
Cynthia We: So his idea of security being secure I'm
Cynthia We: Upset that he can
Understand
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so there is some. We don't have to get derailed but just so you know, Sunday. If you see an expression on my face like I don't know what you're saying it's because there's a breakup in the in the audio so
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm glad you kind of repeat yourself a little bit because I'm missing important pieces so I'm sorry for the clunky nature of it just hang in there for it. We usually get through. Right. WE ARE YOU TELL A HEALTH AND GET WHAT WE CAN from it, it is not
Cynthia We: To either the
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, we're not going to get through rail. We're going to stay here. We're going to stay here.
Cynthia We: In the computer, write it down because it pisses me off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, if you're solving things once you solve my problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go back to the grocery store. Okay, let's let's stay there. So I got a little some different information. Once I removed all of the audience and the eyes that are seeing this. Go on. You had something different to say in
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're able to make contact with your son, you were able to make contact with him and see all he's doing is echoing when he's been hearing at home.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if no one were around LITERALLY LIKE YOU'RE LIKE IT'S SUNDAY only goes on Tuesday afternoons and nobody's there. She does a self checkout.
Cynthia We: Nobody sees me
Gwenevere Abriel: What might might you have done and what might have said.
Cynthia We: I'm
Cynthia We: I might have been able to explain that to him.
Cynthia We: In a way that wasn't so frantic and embarrassed that I was not able to
Cynthia We: stop him from doing it so
Cynthia We: I've been a really easy him. He's his mind and let them know that it was not bad.
Cynthia We: It was not
Cynthia We: We're okay we're gonna be fine.
Cynthia We: And we had enough money to stop shop at Trader Joe's on a regular basis. Daddy was working
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you go to content, you would be able to use his mind. He knew what was going on. You could see a pattern you see it being played out.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so he took on this role. And so here he is acting like an adult. He's acting like what he hears at home, you would recognize it and you would in calmer tones, be able to eat this mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now excellent do the next piece which is what about the emotional part. What about the distress that your son. The only thing he can do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is act out
Gwenevere Abriel: God's behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to think about your when you did the first part was fantastic, right. You wanted to create safety you wanted to reassure your son. Everything's okay. That's fantastic. Go to the next level, which is the psychological nature of what he was doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you are Teagan
Gwenevere Abriel: How does he get to drop, full stop, never having to worry about money again. What does he need in order to be able to just
Gwenevere Abriel: Play be a kid and not be concerned with that. What does he need even in the market, because this is a teaching opportunity when we're parents. It's all the time. So there we are in the market is doing this you reassure him and then what
Cynthia We: He wants
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So, Linda. Why don't you get into this his face and find out.
Gwenevere Abriel: What it would be like for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: To have to be
Gwenevere Abriel: A
Gwenevere Abriel: Your, your what your father.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, really. You want it to just
Gwenevere Abriel: You're just going on a shopping trip because you're bored at home or you don't have a choice. This is an errand, and we can't leave. I can't be lifted home.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm just looking at the next bright colored cereal box because that's their down there on the low shelf so bright and pretty and they're just for me and I'm picking one up and I'm looking at him like, what about this one, this one, this one looks all good.
Cynthia We: would let him have those whatever snatch one
Cynthia We: But I'm not sure that that's the right answer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stay longer that's the easy one. That's the
Gwenevere Abriel: That's using money.
Gwenevere Abriel: And thing I no
Gwenevere Abriel: Longer notice I did, I asked about
Gwenevere Abriel: A psychological impact that that's the solution for his distress.
Cynthia We: Can tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you got to get there on your own.
Gwenevere Abriel: You will. So just toggle and you oscillate between being Imagine you're in that home and maybe that's where you go to
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe what it's like to have been around. Was it your father, was it your mother that you had to take on an adult role. Did you ever take that on.
Cynthia We: No.
Cynthia We: I don't
Cynthia We: I don't think so.
Cynthia We: I don't think I ever had to
Cynthia We: I think my parents were very much adults and they never, never talked about money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so this just feels like foreign just some foreign this territory.
Cynthia We: Completely foreign and the
Cynthia We: As is the attitude that goes with
Cynthia We: Talking to your parents like that. I just don't get it, because I would have been smacked spanked or
Cynthia We: Just allowed
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so I see, so it's probably this one. It's probably I won't be my parents here. I'll buy you this. So it's this off. Is this indulgent approach.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not really addressing issues as there's coming up because I don't want to hit smack schools. I don't want to do this. So here, everything's gonna be okay, here, here, here, let me buy stuff that seem like we're getting closer. Yeah.
Cynthia We: My parents as they got us as we got older, I bought us things as a substitute for spending time
Gwenevere Abriel: Sister
Cynthia We: And I have an ongoing joke that love is money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it does show up here in your marriage, but let's stay focused on Teague. And this is a pretty good one. You've got a really, really good image here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to imagine
Gwenevere Abriel: Your Teagan
Gwenevere Abriel: You've all you've been hearing in the house.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is how your mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: cannot manage money.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all you've been hearing your Teagan you're going to the store with mom and
Gwenevere Abriel: What feeling might you have a few or tea and just even drive into the store.
Cynthia We: Things I
Gwenevere Abriel: And what as a, what are you eight 910. How old are you, so
Cynthia We: Here's like a
Gwenevere Abriel: An eight year old. What is an eight year old know what to do with anxiety.
Cynthia We: To don't
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't. So let's go back to the teaching moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go back to number. I said, well, we made the child feel safe as far as money goes, Look. Sweet Pea plenty of money right here. If we calculated this up together. Let's just round it up to 2246 810
Gwenevere Abriel: There's only about $30 in here. I've got, I've got 75 so we're good. And even if we have to, I would put something back so no worries there.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you sound.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who, Who do you think you send it on giving your solution. So I'm not going to do that.
Cynthia We: Right, your solution.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give them to you. I'm just
Gwenevere Abriel: It's better when they're kind of concluded on your own, because it's this leading up to its that this is the path I took and I got this solution, believe it or not, there's a
Gwenevere Abriel: Spray of dope. I mean, that's going to help you remember when you you nibbled on the breadcrumbs. You found along the way on your own.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's why I'm doing. I'm not trying to be a bitch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's good. I'll stay there in a more permanent way.
Gwenevere Abriel: When it's yours when you came to the this logic sequence on your own. So here you are, you're in the story you see your son. He now feel safe. And you can either give him everything he asked for.
Gwenevere Abriel: But is the psychological his lack of knowing what to do with this family dynamics. This family anxiety you taught him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything in the store in this scenario.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't buy him stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just say accordingly. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So well he did get something he got reality.
Gwenevere Abriel: He did get reality like no mom really does have money which contradicts all the yelling and the house. He does have that because you showed it in this scenario. It's like, See look, we got it. We're good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you feel any safer that you can go now kind of walk up and down the road and not worry about money, you feel better and maybe he says, Yes. And now parts done. But what about the anxiety on the way to the store. What about the teaching moment about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: The way he spoke to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, not about the root word will get to the root will go to it will go to route in a minute. I'm talking about your little boy as an eight year old talking like an abusive man.
Cynthia We: Yeah, it's
Cynthia We: horrifying to me.
Cynthia We: But we're not horrifying. And I don't know. I don't know what to do about it, or I didn't know what to do about it and it's stuck with me. He's 13. This is like five years ago. I'm stuck with this image.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and even right now as I'm inviting you to sit with it. You look like you're going to
Cynthia We: Jump out of my skin because I don't know what to do. And I can't, I can't.
Cynthia We: I can't
Cynthia We: Change what he's heard and I can't change the dynamic between Scotland.
Cynthia We: I feel very afraid that
Cynthia We: Um,
Cynthia We: This is what he thinks relationships look like
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, I know I get you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But how can you and I move and we could be doing em, Dr. Right now, instead, we're kind of doing CVT and
Cynthia We: That's kind of okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Though, but
Gwenevere Abriel: I just want to point out that
Gwenevere Abriel: You can't sit with how Teagan feels because you're in your feelings right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is going to get in the way of the parent, I hear you saying you want to be.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go have what it takes you have every that's why don't spoon feed you have what it takes. It's, it's just feel
Gwenevere Abriel: What he feels for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: On the drive to be with anxiety about
Gwenevere Abriel: I have to choose an alliance between my mom, my dad, I'm going to choose one which which 1am I to choose.
Cynthia We: He might be like trying to protect me from a
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice angle.
Gwenevere Abriel: We go. So if you if you could, right. So if I imitate that behavior I here at home. Maybe I can prevent this actually from happening when we get home. If you just are careful with money seems to be about money. So if I do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then we can prove it. Okay, perfect. Prevent mom from from this abusive behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me ask you, is it so repulsive to you that that is happening in the store that you can do nothing but just
Gwenevere Abriel: But if dissociate from it.
Cynthia We: Is yeah totally.
Gwenevere Abriel: You remember that these are the topics we talked about very early on, like, what is really happening. He's uses his height. He uses his large stature.
Gwenevere Abriel: You think right and feel and know it feels to you, intimidating, you look at your son, your son gets scared and and that that in some ways it right it's abusive, but we haven't sat with it. We don't. It's like a hot potato.
Cynthia We: Yeah, I don't want it. It's really
Cynthia We: It's really not him, it's
Cynthia We: It's, it's not the same person.
Cynthia We: That I marry and
Cynthia We: And I'm so uncomfortable with it and I'm so
Cynthia We: frustrated because it's fear.
Cynthia We: Because he anyone do anything about it.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you were in the in the group. Right. And I was talking about radical acceptance, but this would be one of them, right, then this is happening. This is the one. When you say
Gwenevere Abriel: I can hear you are yelling at me right now it's in your head, you're thinking this is happening. I cant pretend like this isn't happening. I know my children hear this. I hate it. I don't want this to be the normal for my children. It's happening. You can't pretend like it's not it's happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think what happened in that imagery with Tegan in the end Trader Joe's was you, not in acceptance.
Cynthia We: Yeah, you're right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't like it doesn't match what you married tough nobody's it's there.
Cynthia We: It's there.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's called radical acceptance. I am being yelled that
Cynthia We: Disrespect in a way that's not okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when your next move is and therefore, it isn't happening and I will pretend like it's not and I won't see the effect of my children. What has this contributed to
Cynthia We: More of a
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't work.
Cynthia We: Doesn't work because on
Gwenevere Abriel: Our head in the sand work short term, it hasn't just like a drug does. I don't have to deal with it right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's why this stuff I talked about is hard. It's hard to do. This is happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will like take action that is consistent with what I believe in right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you are in acceptance. If you stop pretending like this is not happening.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: When because we only have now we only have what to do with stuff now. I mean, aside from the reprocessing techniques. But right now, when you hear yourself or someone else doing something that doesn't match this ideal of you as a quote unquote okay good mom right
Gwenevere Abriel: That one because that's the core of the core one. I'm not being a good mom right now. This isn't good mom behavior and then you go shame.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you catch one of those. I'm not good mom because I'm not addressing this yelling. I'm not a good mom because I just lost my own patience with my child either one of those doesn't matter which one you're doing it stop acting like you're not
Gwenevere Abriel: It's hard for me to say as a therapist but that's radical acceptance. It's I just lost my shit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now that I owned it. I can fix it. I rupture I repair I rupture I repair.
Gwenevere Abriel: So in the next 24 hours which one you think is more likely to happen. You're going to rupture a communication and connection with a child.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or Scott's gonna have a rupture and you're going to hear it, or there's something between YouTube. It's going to happen. What do you think's more likely to happen over the next 2448 hours.
Cynthia We: I'm that Scott's gonna have some explosive thing going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're
Cynthia We: either with me or with you again, it
Gwenevere Abriel: Wasn't about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you can you kind of move between the present. It's not happening right now and going into this future where you're going to, you're going to hear escalation nearby in the house right
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you open to that.
Yeah.
Cynthia We: Yeah, totally.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not difficult
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now what normally you would do is it'll be fine. You use probably rationalization and minimization is your coping skill.
Gwenevere Abriel: We all do it. That's how I know how to name it right but if you didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: If instead you said this is happening. And this is not acceptable.
Gwenevere Abriel: This does not work for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, what action can be taken that matches you get to still use all the skills that maybe you learned in here from other therapists or self help writing and journaling and books and all these fancy things
Gwenevere Abriel: Were before you did not sit with the truth of the matter, what is happening. He just is not okay.
Cynthia We: Really, stop it.
Oh,
Cynthia We: Wait, I hear the escalation. I could actually instead of hiding
Cynthia We: I could actually go walk towards it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's it. So as soon as it registers, you're walking towards it. Now you're going to need to remember all this stuff about belly breathing mantra safe place in your little greenhouse, you're going to need all of this imagery because you have a lot of time and investment put into hiding
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a lot more comfortable for you then walking towards danger, you're going to need to have to remind the body.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you're okay. And I actually don't know if you are. That's the truth. Because remember, I'm always wondering, is this a domestic violence situation. Remember I told you that I'm always kind of way in the background, wondering
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm always kind of like it's but i want i told you it's back there. I'm always wondering, so I
Gwenevere Abriel: Never wear
Cynthia We: I don't feel
Cynthia We: That when he's angry, I feel scared, but I
Cynthia We: He's been talking a lot lately about, well, I've never, I've never hit any. So how can you be scared me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so leave that I
Was
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to get you. Do you believe that for the most part. So, this
Cynthia We: This will most probably that yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So for the most part. So, this you notice how you said I could walk toward it.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's it. That's all you need. While you're walking toward it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just be us acceptance. Again, these are these are great tools we use them like back to back every five seconds every two seconds over and over and over. I accept that I'm scared right now. I accept that I don't know what's about to happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know that if I stay at all, my gosh, I feel so tight. Oh, I can barely breathe. Okay, I accept that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I better take care of it. Notice that it's another opportunity. Use a skill I better do some breathing. Before I enter this room before I address this loud voice.
Gwenevere Abriel: I need my whole brain working on only part of its working on completely consumed with fear. In fact, I can't even think straight. What the f. Am I gonna say, I'm gonna say if I walk in the room. No, I'm not ready. That's acceptance. So I sit there and I regulate
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there actual dangerous, you can. It is he hitting me is my child in danger know there's just perceived threat just just
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, now I don't know you're going to have to weigh that
Cynthia We: really believe that I just believe that
Cynthia We: Somebody has to call
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, that's you, and
Cynthia We: As somebody, it might might
Cynthia We: Help for taking
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're in actual yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: This we have four minutes this point, you've already walked, you're in the hall, you accept a loud voice you accept that you are anxious, you feel the tight chest you do the breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go to this greenhouse
Gwenevere Abriel: And your heart rate starts to change it starts to go down your breath loosens up and then you remember what this is where the core belief comes in. This has to do with why are you walking or that as
Cynthia We: A good mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a good mom. There we go. I'm, I'm a mama, not even good, bad, I'm a mama. And that's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: The truth gets settled in even more and you accept that a lot of things a lot of things, but right now it's mama bear time even right it's it's it's time take
Your
Gwenevere Abriel: Time to protect
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot is going to happen between right then and how you deliver that. But the, the likelihood that it's going to be received. If you are not in actual bear mode is so much higher. If instead it's Scott. I know you're talking about something really important
Gwenevere Abriel: And it is about what's going on, sweetie. Can I just talk to you for two minutes and we'll come right back in here. It is really important that we talk
Gwenevere Abriel: Now something. I don't know if that's the recipe but something
Cynthia We: calmness and without getting
Cynthia We: Wrapped up in yelling, I think is important.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I talk to you for a minute. I know you're doing something really important. And can I talk to you for a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it. Not you're getting angry loudly guaranteed and none of those no blaming NO SHAMING just talk to you for a minute. It's really important.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you just keep repeating it.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is this is important. This is clearly can kind of see it's important for all of us right now and just, just keep repeating it. What's happening for all of us right now is really important and kind of talk to you for just a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: Until he feel safe enough to turn his attention away from because he's being probably in his mind, a good daddy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. So you're about to pull him away from a really core value which is get your homework done. Do what you're told. And so to pull him away from that. Just like pulling you away from one of those would be very difficult ones for Ron locked on that role.
Gwenevere Abriel: So being able to say it out loud, I'm you know you're you're making sure your, you know, that tetons doing what he needs to do connect talk to you for just a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll come right back in. I know how important this is.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Cynthia We: I can do that.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I make it look easy.
Cynthia We: I know you do. But it's okay because I've got the image in my mind of using
Cynthia We: Okay, Glenn.
Cynthia We: Calmly
Cynthia We: It's good. Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: But look at how many steps and that that's there still
Gwenevere Abriel: Look how many and that's not you know that all the work that goes in and having walked in the room yet like there's all these head out of my, you know what, and it's like, Okay. Nope, I accept this is happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: I tried the other way. I tried. I tried it for years that just doing the right thing will work. Now I'm going to take care of myself. I'm going to get regularly and use my brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a good momma. I'm a mom, I'ma go to the mama thing is, is what Mama's do I'm gonna connect with my husband. We both care about our children deeply, let me connect with him on that level, I gotta go.
Okay.
Cynthia We: What workout, you're doing your arms. Very good, very fit.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'll meet you 10 o'clock on May 21
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay. All right. I'll talk to you later.
Cynthia We: Okay, bye. Thank you.